These examples are chosen to span a broad range
of different systems that we may wish to plot in 
polymer_visual. The r-grid files are described in
brief below:

lam.rf:
   a 1D lamellar structure composed of symmetric
   AB diblocks. The simplest structure to study
   numerically. Projected into 3 dimensions in
   order to get a full 3D visualization when 
   used in polymer_visual.
   To view the composition profiles as 2D 
   graphics rather than 3D, set the Name-Value 
   input "view" equal to 2.

hex.rf:
   a 2D hexagonally packed cylinder structure
   composed of asymmetric AB diblocks. This 
   structure is projected into 3D for visual-
   ization in polymer_visual. Use the Name-
   Value input "hex3" to visualize this in an
   alternate way that shows clearly the three-
   fold (and, in this case, six-fold) 
   rotational symmetry.
   To view the composition profiles as 2D 
   graphics rather than 3D, set the Name-Value 
   input "view" equal to 2.

bcc.rf: 
   a 3D cubic BCC structure composed of highly
   asymmetric AB diblocks. A relatively simple
   example of a 3D structure to visualize in
   polymer_visual.

alt_gyr.rf: 
   a 3D cubic alternating gyroid structure,
   composed of ABC triblock polymers.
   The inclusion of a third species makes
   the visualization a bit more complex.

sapphire.rf: 
   a trigonal sphere-packed structure composed
   of AB diblocks and B'C diblocks, in which 
   B and C are highly repulsive, resulting in
   spheres being composed entirely of AB or 
   B'C, but never a blend of both. The arrange-
   ment of particles on different lattice sites
   assumes the same structure as alpha-Al2O3, 
   a.k.a. sapphire. This unit cell is rhombo-
   hedral, and it is a three-component system,
   so this is the most complex bulk structure
   from among the examples in this directory in
   terms of generating the correct 3D graphic.

gyr_thin_film_111.rf:
   a thin film double-gyroid composed of AB
   diblocks, oriented with the (111) plane 
   parallel to the substrate and a very low
   film thickness. This is included as an 
   example of a thin film structure, which can
   be visualized in polymer_visual using the
   thin film correction (detailed in the main
   README.md file). The thin film correction
   can be applied with the following Name-
   Value pair input:

      "film_params",[2,0.15,0.3,0]
 
   See the main README.md file for more info
   on what these parameters mean. 
   This structure has a hexagonal unit cell,
   which means that it, too, can be visual-
   ized in an alternate form using the "hex3"
   Name-Value input, in order to clearly see
   the three-fold rotational symmetry.
